[Flan-UL2] Add-flan-ul2 (#21929)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/flan-ul2.mdx

According ot the original blog here are the notable improvements:

- The original UL2 model was only trained with receptive field of 512, which made it non-ideal for N-shot prompting where N is large.
- The Flan-UL2 checkpoint uses a receptive field of 2048 which makes it more usable for few-shot in-context learning.
- The original UL2 model also had mode switch tokens that was rather mandatory to get good performance. However, they were a little cumbersome as this requires often some changes during inference or finetuning. In this update/change, we continue training UL2 20B for an additional 100k steps (with small batch) to forget “mode tokens” before applying Flan instruction tuning. This Flan-UL2 checkpoint does not require mode tokens anymore.
Google has released the following variants:

One can refer to [T5's documentation page](t5) for all tips, code examples and notebooks. As well as the FLAN-T5 model card for more details regarding training and evaluation of the model.

The original checkpoints can be found [here](https://github.com/google-research/t5x/blob/main/docs/models.md#flan-ul2-checkpoints).

> ## Running on low ressources
> The model is pretty heavy (~20GB) so if you just want to run the model, make sure you load in 8bits, and use `device_map="auto"` to make sure 
> you don't have OOM issue!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running on low ressources devices

The model is pretty heavy (~40GB in half precision) so if you just want to run the model, make sure you load your model in 8bit, and use `device_map="auto"` to make sure  you don't have any OOM issue!
```

```python
>>> from transformers import AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM, AutoTokenizer

>>> model = AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM.from_pretrained("google/flan-ul2", load_in_8bit=True, device_map="auto")
>>> tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("google/flan-ul2")

>>> inputs = tokenizer("A step by step recipe to make bolognese pasta:", return_tensors="pt")
>>> outputs = model.generate(**inputs)
>>> print(tokenizer.batch_decode(outputs, skip_special_tokens=True))
['In a large skillet, brown the ground beef and onion over medium heat. Add the garlic']
```

> ## Running on low ressources
> ```python
> >>> from transformers import AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM, AutoTokenizer
> 
> >>> model = AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM.from_pretrained("google/flan-ul2", load_in_8bit=True, device_map="auto")
> >>> tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("google/flan-ul2")
> 
> >>> inputs = tokenizer("A step by step recipe to make bolognese pasta:", return_tensors="pt")
> >>> outputs = model.generate(**inputs)
> >>> print(tokenizer.batch_decode(outputs, skip_special_tokens=True))
> ['In a large skillet, brown the ground beef and onion over medium heat. Add the garlic']
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
